							How to use REG

First question needs to be "Why to use REG?".
And it is quite simple: to help you with simulations and random events, which should occur.

So, REG has two working mods: either one-card pick, or multiple card pick.


Question: Can you use multiple pick with one card?
Yes, you can. One-card pick can be used for annual events, for example.
For all events that meant to occur once per something. They are not dependant on size or activity - they are unescapable, yet rare.

Multiple card pick events are dependant on size, activity or just your mood. One event per 10 people per town, as an example.


Question: How does REG work?
In order to pick a card, REG must first get a deck. To put it simple - it is a folder with some .txt files. They are your cards.
Decks are stored inside larger directories. There are three of them:

CardSamples - stores originals of cards for PeoplePerRealmDecks.
PeoplePerRealmDecks - stores multiple pick decks. (also reffered as PPRD)
StateTypeDecks - stores one-card pick decks. (also reffered as STD)


Question: What purpose serves CardSamples folder?
It stores originals of cards for PPRD. Cards for STD are mostly unique, but many PPRD have repeating cards. It just saves your time, when filling new deck.
Also REG requires all cards to end with "- Copy().txt".


Question: Are there other special requerments for cards?
Apart form "- Copy().txt" ending, which can be achieved via copy and paste of original file, there are two more:

Card must be .txt file with strictly 2 lines in it.
First line called "description". Just an explanation, what the card does.
Second line called "arrival note". Explains why the card is in that deck.

Card name must not contain '-' symbol, with an exeption of the one before "Copy()".

Note, that that part of card's full name before '-' is the name, that part will be shown, when card is taken.


Question: How can I choose a deck?
When REG starts, it is waiting for you to type deckname. Just type STD name into console.


Question: Is it that simple?
Yes, but it does not end just here. After REG outputs a card, it is waiting for your reaction. You have 3 different options: 

Press "Enter" key to finish action with this card.
Express your exitment or disappointment via typing in console and get silent, understanding reaction form REG.
Use some special commands. (about them later)


Question: How can I choose a PPRD?
Just as STD, but with a number of cards to be taken. Use Space as a separator.
After that you will get an interaction with every card taken.

Note, that in this version, every 10 people results in one card, so as a second parameter one should pass number of people, not cards.
Then, an amount of cards will be calculated by REG. The code can be modifyed for other settings, thow.


Question: So, what are the special commands?
Firstly, there is "quit". It ... quits REG. It also can be used even if there is no deck chosen or additional operation running (about it later).
Why to use it? For thanks from REG and self-coolness.

Command "what" outputs you card's description.
Command "why" outputs you card's arrival note.
Command "what why" combines previous two commands.

Command "coin" randomly selects heads or tails. (0-1 random)
Command "dice" randomly selects one of the six side of a cube. (1-6 random)

Command "super dice" allows user to use a dice with custom amount of sides.
It will ask for amount from user and return random mumber. (usefull for d20, or percents)

Note, that commands have no question marks and separator is "Space" (blank).


Question: What happens, when all picked cards were shown?
Afer that, deck closes itself. You can either choose another deck or quit.


What are the additional operations?
Some card have their specific abilities, such as generating peoples characteristics, objects or even detailed events.

When such card is being chosen, REG will go in additional operation for this card.
Normaly, one can skip it, just by tipping the "Enter" button, thow it is not recomended.

Faced with such ignorance, REG may decide to "punish" the state which took that card, but it's rare.


How do I expand REG?

It is quite simpe: just add another filefolder, place there some cards (they can pe easylly made, if new ones needed)
Easyer to add new PPRD than STD, because of cards variety.
Existing decks can also be modyfied (renaming them leads to no problem) or even deleted.

With that, expanding and changing REG for better usage is easy. However, if newly added card needs an additional operation,
it had to be done inside the script, but it also is not that difficult. Just don't forget a blank character at the end in the reffering string.

Also, TTD (Temporary Testing Deck) is quite usefull, when creating new card, since it often uses random. 
It serves only testing purposes, and can be delited without problems.


What do I do, if REG is repeatedly unable to find a deck or "open" it?

Firstly check the spelling of it.
Then make sure it is in right directory (PPRD and STD have different recalls)
Make sure, that the deck has more than 1 card and those within have right insides as well as filenames.

If all obove cann't help, better reinstall REG into user's specific folder (ex: C:\Users\Username)
If it is installed somewere else, you can directly modify DeckInteractions class to make the paths match those on your computer.


What is the most important thing whilst using REG?

Beeing gratefull to REG for taking a part of your job off your shoulders and enjoying yourself.
Have a nice day, you there.